fix record files block numbers (#3621)
hashgraph/hedera-mirror-node: docs/configuration.md

| `hedera.mirror.importer.topicRunningHashV2AddedTimestamp`            | Network-based  | Unix timestamp (in nanos) of first topic message with v2 as running hash version. Use this config to override the default network based value |
| `hedera.mirror.importer.shard`                                       | 0                       | The default shard number that the component participates in                                    |
| `hedera.mirror.importer.startDate`                                   |                         | The start date (inclusive) of the data to import. It takes effect 1) if it's set and the date is after the last downloaded file or the database is empty; 2) if it's not set and the database is empty, it defaults to now. Format: YYYY-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.nnnnnnnnnZ |

> | `hedera.mirror.importer.startBlockNumber`                            | null                  | The block number that will be set as the block number for downloaded stream files. |

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
| `hedera.mirror.importer.startBlockNumber`                            | null                  | The block number that will be set as the downloaded stream files starting index. |
```

Author: Done.

> | `hedera.mirror.importer.startBlockNumber`                            | null                  | The block number that will be set as the block number for downloaded stream files. |

Reviewer: Still some conflicts on this file
